Add first draft of structure overview page (#1)
dlazin/mdn-content: files/en-us/related/epub/structure/index.md

---
title: 'EPUB Structure'
slug: Related/EPUB/Structure
tags:
  - EPUB
  - Ebook
  - Ebooks
  - Guide
  - Reference
---
{{EPUBRef}}

> An unzipped EPUB file is a folder containing two primary directories and a `mimetype` file. One of

Reviewer: To avoid a gerund, how about "a folder that contains"?

Author: ```suggestion
An unzipped EPUB file is a folder that contains two primary directories and a `mimetype` file. One of
```

the directories is always named [`META-INF`](/en-US/docs/Related/EPUB/Structure/META-INF) and houses
the container file (`container.xml`). This file defines the path to the
[package file](/en-US/docs/Related/EPUB/Package) in the other directory (the
[content directory](/en-US/docs/Related/EPUB/Structure/Content)). The content directory is commonly
named `OEBPS` (Open Ebook Publication Structure) or `OPS` (Open Publication Structure) and is where

> the ebook's navigation, XHTML, CSS and other assets are stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the ebook's [navigation](/en-US/docs/Related/EPUB/Navigation), XHTML, CSS and other assets are stored.
```
